Improve landing page (#1023)
pymc-labs/pymc-marketing: docs/source/index.md

:class: only-light
:::

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Open Source Marketing Analytics Solution</h1>

:::{div} sd-text-center
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/week)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)
:::

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Powered by</h1>

:::{image} _static/labs-logo-dark.png
:align: center
:target: https://www.pymc-labs.io
:scale: 20 %
:alt: PyMC Labs logo
:class: only-dark
:::

:::{image} _static/labs-logo-light.png
:align: center
:target: https://www.pymc-labs.io
:scale: 20 %
:alt: PyMC Labs logo
:class: only-light
:::

---

> ## 📞 Schedule a Free Consultation for MMM & CLV Strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 📞 Schedule a Free Strategy Consultation 
```

Maximize your marketing ROI with a [free 30-minute strategy session](https://calendly.com/niall-oulton) with our PyMC-Marketing experts. Learn how Bayesian Marketing Mix Modeling and Customer Lifetime Value analytics can boost your organization by making smarter, data-driven decisions.

> For businesses looking to integrate PyMC-Marketing into their operational framework, [PyMC Labs](https://www.pymc-labs.com) offers expert consulting and training. Our team is proficient in state-of-the-art Bayesian modeling techniques, with a focus on Marketing Mix Models (MMMs) and Customer Lifetime Value (CLV). Explore these topics further by watching our video on [Bayesian Marketing Mix Models: State of the Art](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVx91prC81g).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For businesses looking to integrate PyMC-Marketing into their operational framework, [PyMC Labs](https://www.pymc-labs.com) offers expert consulting and training. Our team is proficient in state-of-the-art Bayesian modeling techniques, with a focus on Marketing Mix Models (MMMs) and Customer Lifetime Value (CLV).
```

We provide the following professional services:

> - **Custom Models**: We tailor niche marketing anayltics models to fit your organization's unique needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom Models**: We develop models that fit your organization's unique needs.
```

> - **Build Within PyMC-Marketing**: Our team are experts leveraging the capabilities of PyMC-Marketing to create robust marketing models for precise insights.

Reviewer: I would remove this bullet.

Author: Removed in https://github.com/pymc-labs/pymc-marketing/pull/1023/commits/bdab3a27c03aec92c4a6b090806ed8b607ffcaa8

> - **SLA & Coaching**: Get guaranteed support levels and personalized coaching to ensure your team is well-equipped and confident in using our tools and approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Coaching**: Regular, personalized coaching to ensure your team is well-equipped to confidently use PyMC-Marketing and related approaches.
```

:class: only-light
:::

> # Open Source Marketing Analytics Solution

Author: Added in https://github.com/pymc-labs/pymc-marketing/pull/1023/commits/926f5b545252dc64f0f15a75617390401787d98d

[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)

> [![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/week)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)

Author: I tried but did not find a way (yet)

> [![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/week)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)

Reviewer 2: to center:

```markdow
:::{div} sd-text-center
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)
[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/week)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)
:::
```

> [![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/pymc-marketing/week)](https://pepy.tech/project/pymc-marketing)

Author: Done! Thanks!

- [Customer Lifetime Value in the non-contractual continuous case: The Bayesian Pareto NBD Model](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/pareto-nbd/)
- [Cohort Revenue & Retention Analysis](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/cohort-revenue-retention/)

### Case Studies

- [Building an in-house marketing analytics solution](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/2023-07-18-niall-In-house-marketing/)
- [Bayesian Media Mix Models: Modelling changes in marketing effectiveness over time](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/modelling-changes-marketing-effectiveness-over-time/)
- [Improving the Speed and Accuracy of Bayesian Media Mix Models](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/reducing-customer-acquisition-costs-how-we-helped-optimizing-hellofreshs-marketing-budget/)
- [Bayesian Media Mix Modeling for Marketing Optimization](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/bayesian-media-mix-modeling-for-marketing-optimization/)
- [Bayesian inference at scale: Running A/B tests with millions of observations](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/bayesian-inference-at-scale-running-ab-tests-with-millions-of-observations/)

> For more blogposts and resources, check out the [PyMC Labs Blog](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/).

Reviewer: Just need an extra blank line so that this last line appears on a new line.

Author: Good catch! Fixed in https://github.com/pymc-labs/pymc-marketing/pull/1023/commits/f8f1af230f0e22294200bbc32c6fcda5ab440e7e

- [Customer Lifetime Value in the non-contractual continuous case: The Bayesian Pareto NBD Model](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/pareto-nbd/)
- [Cohort Revenue & Retention Analysis](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/cohort-revenue-retention/)

### Case Studies

- [Building an in-house marketing analytics solution](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/2023-07-18-niall-In-house-marketing/)
- [Bayesian Media Mix Models: Modelling changes in marketing effectiveness over time](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/modelling-changes-marketing-effectiveness-over-time/)
- [Improving the Speed and Accuracy of Bayesian Media Mix Models](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/reducing-customer-acquisition-costs-how-we-helped-optimizing-hellofreshs-marketing-budget/)
- [Bayesian Media Mix Modeling for Marketing Optimization](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/bayesian-media-mix-modeling-for-marketing-optimization/)
- [Bayesian inference at scale: Running A/B tests with millions of observations](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/bayesian-inference-at-scale-running-ab-tests-with-millions-of-observations/)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more blogposts and resources, check out the [PyMC Labs Blog](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/).

```

| **Continuous** | online purchases         | ad conversion time      |
| **Discrete**   | concerts & sports events | recurring subscriptions |

> ## Resources

Reviewer: Can this be centered? There is quite a bit of content listed here and all the "sections" sort of run together right now.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/pymc-labs/pymc-marketing/pull/1023/commits/926f5b545252dc64f0f15a75617390401787d98d

### Customer Lifetime Value Modeling in Marine Industry
<iframe width="800" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/u3oMWgStIZY" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Causality in MArketing

- [Causal analysis with PyMC: Answering "What If?" with the new do operator](https://www.pymc-labs.com/blog-posts/causal-analysis-with-pymc-answering-what-if-with-the-new-do-operator/)

### Bayesian methods in marketing analytics
**Curious about Bayesian methods in marketing analytics? Check out this overview by [Juan Orduz](https://juanitorduz.github.io/about/)**
<iframe width="800" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5QgiixYjmTM" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ### More [PyMC-Labs](https://www.pymc-labs.com/) Blogposts and Resources

Reviewer: Also, if we can manage to center the "Resources" above, the same treatment here would be useful. It's not obvious that this is a "section" heading.
